Privacy Policy for TSOMA

Last Updated: 30th Dec 2023

Welcome to TSOMA! We are committed to protecting your privacy and handling your data in an open and transparent manner. This privacy policy outlines how we collect, use, store, and safeguard your personal information and your rights in relation to the information we hold.

1. Information We Collect

Personal Identification Information: Name, email address, phone number, and delivery address.
Transactional Information: Details of the products you have purchased or sold, and the payment method (note: we do not store credit card details as we only offer cash on delivery).
Multimedia Content: Videos and images uploaded by farmers.
Communications: Chat and negotiation messages between users and farmers.
Technical Data: Usage data including app functionality you access, time spent on the app, and other similar information.
2. How We Use Your Information

To facilitate the buying and selling process on our platform.
To enable communication and negotiation between farmers and users.
To provide, maintain, and improve our services, including customer support.
To process transactions and manage orders.
For internal research and development purposes.
To send you notifications and other relevant communications.
3. Sharing of Information

We do not sell, trade, or rent your personal identification information to others.
We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates, and advertisers.
We may use third-party service providers to help us operate our business and the app or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out newsletters or surveys.
4. Data Security

We adopt appropriate data collection, storage, and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of your personal information.
5. Your Rights

You have the right to access, correct, delete, or restrict the use of your personal information.
You may opt-out of receiving marketing communications from us.
6. Changes to This Privacy Policy

TSOMA has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the top of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes.
7. Your Acceptance of These Terms

By using this App, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our App.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this app, or your dealings with this app, please contact us at: tsoma@gamil.com.
